Checks all tag values from selected tracks for spelling errors or misplacing values in wrong tags.
First checks all tags for easily recognizable errors (empty tags, blank spaces, multivalued tags not split).
Then selects tags with lower freq. of apparition ('freqThreshold') (*), and filters them to a max
of 30 values ('maxSizePerTag') per tag. Finally all these values are compared to the entire tag value list,
for any tag, and their similarity is computed. Anything being at least 85% ('stringSimilThreshold') similar 
is considered as an alternative value. If 'maxSizePerTag' is set to zero, then only recognizable errors are shown.
Since it is not only checking that tagA's value (rock) is misspelled (Rock) but that it may be at TagB instead,
the script checks for both spelling and misplacing errors.

There is an additional step to check against am user-provided dictionary. 'en_US' dictionary is provided for
demonstration purposes, but since every user may use their own words it should be configured. 
Also note random deviations from common words are covered by freq. filtering, more or less.
Excluding tags to be check against dictionary greatly speeds up the process. For example for composers, etc.

(*) The rationale is simple. Minor lexical errors on the values are expected to happen only from time to time.
That implies there could be a "right value", with much higher freq. of apparition, which may be known or not.
Which values are lexical errors and which ones are "right values" is done only by freq. comparison:

Notes:
	- False positives are expected. I.e. a rare tag only present on a few tracks on the library, may be considered 
	as "possible error" but without a known "right value" as alternative.
	
	- False positives are easily recognizable. Alternative values are usually reported, if a positive has no 
	alternative value, then it should be pretty easy to see if it's a real error or not. Rare tags may be added
	to the exclusion list for that purpose.
	
	- False negatives are possible. If you write systematically a wrong tag value in your tracks then,
	by freq. comparison, that value would be considered to be right. It may be "Rockj" in your entire library. 
	A track with "Rock", would be reported as the wrong value. A check against a dictionary would be required
	to catch those errors, so that's left to the user responsibility.
	
	- False negatives are hard to recognize. Since they are not a random (low freq.) error , but a systematic one,
	the only way to recognize them is to use your logic. Using the previous example, one should notice
	that the right value is the reported one. Setting 'freqThreshold' to 1 and 'maxSizePerTag' to Infinity
	would compare the tags for the entire library, creating a really long report that could be used to find
	these errors (if there are at least 2 tags with similar enough values).
	
	- Execution time is: O((#tags to check * mean #tag values * #tracks)**2)
	Since the number of tags to check and the tag values mean is constant for a given library, only the number 
	of tracks can be adjusted to reduce the total number of tags to compare. Therefore, it takes more time to check
	all tracks setting freqThreshold = 1 and maxSizePerTag = Infinity, than checking against dictionary with 
	standard parameters (where #tags is 30 * #tags to check).
	It can also be greatly reduced adding tag values to the exclusion list, after a few reports, it should be pretty
	easy to add up to 90% of tags/tag values to the list, greatly speeding up future reports (less tags to check).