An utility to easily execute Playlist Tools entries using online controllers (or command line) creating playlists with specific command names (*).

This utility is intended as a workaround to the main limitations of SMP (main menu entries are limited in number -9-) and foobar 
(custom UI buttons or scripts can not be called with online controllers without coding an specific app to do so), integrating Playlist Tools
with online controllers. 

Online controllers like foo_httpcontrol (https://bitbucket.org/oblikoamorale/foo_httpcontrol/wiki/Home) can only use 'use' some scripts' 
functions associating them to a main SMP menu entry. The problem is phone Apps don't have a way to add those http url custom commands 
in an easy way... since the app is already compiled (you could use a browser though). Playlist Names Commands allows to bypass that limitation
checking current playlist names regularly for "special" names. When a playlist name starts with 'PT:', the callback fires and anything after 
those 3 chars is treated as a special command which will be compared to a list of known commands or tried to execute as a menu name. Some examples:
	
	- Wanna create automatic playlists via pools using your phone or an internet browser? Create an empty playlist named 'PT:Pools\Top tracks mix'
	
	The just created playlist will be deleted and a new playlist will be created and set as active playlist. A refresh may be needed in the online
	controller to change focus to the currently active playlist (otherwise switch to it manually).
	
	- What about searching similar tracks to current one? Send any song in your online controller to a new playlist and then rename that playlist
	as 'PT:Search same by tags...\By Styles (=2) and Moods (=6)'.
	
	It will use that track as input for the playlist creation. Same comment apply about refreshing.

As can be seen, arbitrary menus may be used with this approach but since these dummy playlists are deleted after command execution, commands which
involve 'editing' the current playlist will not work as intended since it will be deleted afterwards. 
i.e. naming a playlist 'PT:Duplicates and tag filtering\Remove duplicates by title, artist, date' would first delete the current dummy playlist and 
then apply the command to the next active playlist. As a workaround, and also as a way to alleviate all the writing (some menu names may be really long),
some special commands are pre-defined as shortcuts (**):
	
	- 'PT:Duplicates': equivalent to 'Duplicates and tag filtering\Remove duplicates by...' (using tags set), applied to active playlist without deletion.
	- 'PT:Harmonic': equivalent to 'PT:Harmonic mix\Harmonic mix from playlist'. Creates new playlist using the entire dummy playlist.
	- 'PT:Graph': equivalent to 'PT:'Search similar by Graph...\Similar Genre mix, within a decade'. Creates new playlist using focused track of dummy playlist.
	- 'PT:Filter': equivalent to 'PT:' Duplicates and tag filtering\Filter playlist by...'. Creates new playlist using focused track of dummy playlist.
	- 'PT:Similar': equivalent to 'PT:Search same by tags...\By Styles (=2) and Moods (=6)'. Creates new playlist using focused track of dummy playlist.
	
In some of these cases, since the names are regularly checked, playlists which are not deleted but have the 'utility' applied to the active playlists will
be renamed to not be processed multiple times. i.e. after naming a playlist 'PT:Duplicates' on an online controller, duplicates will be removed and playlist
will be renamed to 'PT:Output'. When a new playlist is created ('PT:Similar', etc.) the dummy playlist is deleted and the new one is named following the same
conventions used within foobar2000 normal usage on Pc (some are named 'Search..', query tools use query names, etc.) . 
Beware of loosing a playlist this way! Have in mind all playlists will be either deleted or modified + renamed with any command, so only apply these commands
to newly created playlists.

(*) Another approach would be using SMP main menus and associated those entries to http url commands. See 'SMP Main menu' readme.
(**) Names are not case sensitive... 'PT:Harmonic' is equivalent to 'pt:harmonic'.