Search by Distance tools may be used to compute the similar artists to
those from the currently selected tracks (duplicates are filtered first).
This option may be found on the customizable button and Playlist Tools.

It tries to compute something equivalent to 'Similar Artists Last.fm', 
which can be retrieved with Bio script (but requires internet). In this
case the process is entirely offline and uses the already coded routines
of Search by Distance to find which artists are usually the most similar
to a random set of [N=50] tracks by every selected artist. 
 
It requires some time, since it's equivalent to perform the regular
'GRAPH' search x N times x selected artist(s). The advantage is that it
does not requires internet and works with any artists, whether it's 
'popular' or not, since it's not based on things like users' listening
behaviors, eurocentric bias, etc. Results are also limited to what the
user has on library, instead of being based on an external list (static).

The results are output to console and saved to JSON, so they only need
to be calculated once. Later changes to the graph descriptors may affect
the results, in that case the same artists may be checked again to update
the list if required.

Search by Distance offers multiple filtering options based on those 
results, which may be used on the customizable button or via recipes.
Script uses both the JSON file and tags (take precedence if present).

After scanning, results (from JSON) may also be saved to tags for all the
tracks present on library by the analyzed artists. On tags, other tools
like Playlist Tools may use them to easily create queries, pools, etc.
Tag is named 'SIMILAR ARTISTS SEARCHBYDISTANCE'.

NOTE: Estimated processing time will be shown on popups, have that in
mind when processing a large library (it may be better to process it
on different steps). It doesn't mind how many tracks you select, only
how many different artists are found within that selection! Calculation
time is proportional to the number of tracks on library squared though.

Also note results are heavily dependent on tags, so if you totally
change the tags from an artist discography, it would be recommended
to rerun the analysis... obviously, adding new albums/tracks from an
already properly tagged artist does not count here, since adding more
'Rock' tracks by Aerosmith to your library will not change anything
if all the existing tracks by Aerosmith were already representative
of their main work (Rock). In any case think of your library like an
Spotify server: whenever you add/edit tracks there, the global 
statistics change and also the way tracks and artists inter-relate. It's
a live thing. Use your own criterion about rerunning analysis when 
needed, considering the time/exactness equation.

Finally, it must be taken into consideration that 2 artists does not
have to be considered mutually similar. i.e. A may be similar to B, 
but B may be more similar to C. Since only the most [up to] 10 similar
artists are taken into consideration, in some use-cases situations like
those are possible.